docs: add note about checking and reporting the publication format (#908)
open-contracting/kingfisher-collect: docs/contributing/index.rst

Read its API documentation or bulk download documentation. Navigate the API, in your browser or with ``curl``. Inspect its responses, to determine where the OCDS data is located, and whether it includes information like pagination links, total pages or total results.

.. note::

>    When doing this, check if the release or record packages are at the top-level of the JSON data. If not, please inform the analyst so this can be reported to the publisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Please inform the helpdesk analyst of the following, so that it can be reported as feedback to the publisher:
   
   -  If there is no documentation about access methods
   -  If the release package or record package is *not* at the top-level of the JSON data
```
